Let’s go
Relax everyone, stop pretending to be normal
All of your smiles look weird
When the Lock is released, we’re all the same
Your eyes can't fool me, ho
The real self has been released
Barely holding on
After blinking once, back
Again, back to cosplaying as what society defines normal to be ppow
Mash up, mind blown put my mind on back up
Prototype, on the inside I’m always a freaky monster
Kindness is no longer trending, now rotten
You can backbite me as much as you want, I'll ignore them anyway
Poppin’
If you think I'm just pure and innocent, you're wrong
When a favor continues, people think it’s their right, toxic
This is what drives me crazy, warning
MANIAC
Going crazy, like I have a loose screw MANIAC
Spinning, going crazy
MANIAC Walk like Frankenstein
MANIAC MANIAC Haha
MANIAC (Oh)
Laugh like I have a loose screw MANIAC (You can’t stop the smoke)
Spinning, going crazy (Thick as fog)
MANIAC a MANIAC group (We’re MANIACS)
MANIAC MANIAC
Like the seam of a torn doll
Eventually, you’ll expose your real self
In this not easy life
It ain't "live" it's "holding on" yeah
Relax everyone, stop pretending to be normal
All of your smiles no fresh
When the Locket is open, we’re all the same
Your eyes can't fool me, ho
This street I'm walking on is a minefield
Like a dormant volcano, never know when it'll all explode
Never know when the calm winds will change
Everyone lives hiding themselves like a sealed tornado
Poppin’
If you think I'm just pure and innocent, you're wrong
When a favor continues, people think it’s their right, toxic
This is what drives me crazy, warning
MANIAC
Going crazy, like I have a loose screw MANIAC
Spinning, going crazy
MANIAC Walk like Frankenstein
MANIAC MANIAC Haha
MANIAC (Oh)
Laugh like I have a loose screw MANIAC (You can’t stop the smoke)
Spinning, going crazy (Thick as fog)
MANIAC a MANIAC group (We’re MANIACS)
MANIAC MANIAC
Eyes filled with lunatic
All senses are tense
Locked up while wrapped up in that pretty package
As time goes by, it'll eventually be revealed
The inner self that was hidden yeah
MANIAC
MANIAC (MANIAC)
MANIAC MANIAC
You cannot stop with this feeling
MANIAC (Oh)
Laugh like I have a loose screw MANIAC (You can’t stop the smoke)
Spinning, going crazy (Thick as fog)
MANIAC a MANIAC group (We’re MANIACS)
MANIAC MANIAC